Revamp readme - break out into sections (#5796)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: docs/stack.md

# The ethereum.org website stack

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Yarn package manager](https://yarnpkg.com/cli/install)
- [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/)
  - Manages page builds and deployment
  - Configurable in `gatsby-node.js`, `gatsby-browser.js`, `gatsby-config.js`, and `gatsby-ssr.js`
  - [Gatsby Tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/tutorial/)
  - [Gatsby Docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - A JavaScript library for building component-based user interfaces
- [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) - A query language for APIs
- [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/) - Site indexing, rapid intra-site search results, and search analytics. [Learn more on how we implement Algolia for site search](./docs/ALGOLIA_DOCSEARCH.md).
  - Primary implementation: `/src/components/Search/index.js`
- [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/) - crowdsourcing for our translation efforts (See "Translation initiative" below)
- [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) - Manages CI/CD, and issue tracking

> - [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - DNS management and primary host for `master` build. Also provides automatic preview deployments for all pull requests

Reviewer: Should we add Gatsby cloud here? 

```suggestion
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - DNS management and primary host for `master` build.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - DNS management and primary host for `master` build.
- [Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/) - Site builds and automatic preview deployments for all pull requests
```
